.\" shorthand for double quote that works everywhere.
.ds q \N'34'
.TH VOID __drivermansuffix__ __vendorversion__
.SH NAME
eetiegalax \- EETI eGalax serial input driver
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.B "Section \*qInputDevice\*q"
.BI "  Identifier \*q" devname \*q
.B  "  Driver \*qeetiegalax\*q"
.B  "  Option \*qAutoServerLayout\*q \*qon\*q"
.B  "  Option \*qDevice\*q \*q/dev/ttySx\*q"
\ \ ...
.B EndSection
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B eeti-egalax 
is an __xservername__ input driver for the serial attached variant
of the EETI eGalax device. It functions as a pointer device and may
be used as X server's core pointer.
.SH CONFIGURATION DETAILS
Please refer to __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__) for general configuration
details and for options that can be used with all input drivers.  This
section only covers configuration details specific to this driver.
.PP
The following driver
.B Options
are supported:
.TP 7
.BI "Option \*qDevice\*q \*q" string \*q
Specifies the device through which the device can be accessed.  This will
generally be of the form \*q/dev/ttySx\*q, where x is some integer.
.TP 7
.BI "Option \*qSwapXY\*q \*q" Bool \*q
Swap x/y axes. Property:
.BI \*qEvdev\ Axes\ Swap\*q
.TP 7
.BI "Option \*qButtonNumber\*q \*q" integer \*q
Specifies the button number the touchscreen sends when pressed. Default: 1
.TP 7
.BI "Option \*qCalibration\*q \*q" string \*q
Specifies the calibration data for the touchscreen.The string contains
a whitespace separated list of 4 integer values, order min-x, max-x,
min-y, max-y. If min-x is greater than max-x, or if min-y is greater
than max-y, the X or Y coordinates then implicitly inverted.
Properties:
.BI \*qEvdev\ Axis\ Calibration\*q
and
.BI \*qEvdev\ Axis\ Inversion\*q
.SH SUPPORTED PROPERTIES
The following properties are provided by the
.B eetiegalax
driver. The property names intentionally follow those found in the
.B evdev
driver so
.B xinput_calibrator
picks them up automagically.
.TP 7
.BI "Evdev Axis Calibration"
4 32-bit values, order min-x, max-x, min-y, max-y or 0 values to disable
in-driver axis calibration.
.TP 7
.BI "Evdev Axis Inversion"
2 boolean values (8 bit, 0 or 1), order X, Y. 1 inverts the axis.
.TP 7
.BI "Evdev Axes Swap"
1 boolean value (8 bit, 0 or 1). 1 swaps x/y axes.
.TP 7
.SH "SEE ALSO"
__xservername__(__appmansuffix__), __xconfigfile__(__filemansuffix__), Xserver(__appmansuffix__), X(__miscmansuffix__).
